[MUSIC]
Excel provides functions to
assist in applying IF-THEN
type logic in our analysis.
The IF function is
the foundation of these.
Let's explore the application of
IF by working through problem 5A.
Problem 5A asks us to determine whether
a given product sales scenario,
meets or
exceeds our revenue target of $450.
The IF function takes, as parameters,
the Boolean test,
that is true or false test,
we wish to apply to our data.
Then what to do with if the test is true
and lastly what to do if it is false.
We want to know if revenues
are greater than or equal to $450.
We see then that our IF formula
accurately returns an indication
of whether each sales scenario meets or
exceeds the target.
Understanding this example, while simple,
is the first step in applying more
complex IF-THEN tests to our data.
Now it's your turn to demonstrate your
understanding of the IF function by
completing Problem 5B.
[MUSIC]